---
layout: post
title: Update Information
tags: 
- jekyll 
- doc
toc: false
status: Live
sticky : true
banner-title: THEME DOC
banner-subtitle: Dev Backlog
last-modify: 2021-07-10 10:30:00 +0000
---

## Ver. Panda-0.2 (WIP)

- New layout : blank (default layout without header and footer)
- New layout : album (to display a series of images, `_data` is required)
- New layout : albumlist (to display all album posts, `_data` is required)
- New layout : preset (to display a preset introduction and download page , `_data` is required)
- New layout : presetlist (to display all presets post, `_data` is required)
- Config refactor
- Bug fix

## Ver. Panda-0.1

- Rename theme

- Refactor of link to [jekyll-search-bar](https://github.com/sorphwer/jekyll-theme-panda)

- Add [theme doc](https://github.com/sorphwer/jekyll-theme-panda)

- Add theme [demo](https://riino.site/jekyll-theme-panda/)

## Ver. 3.2

- Transform css into sass

- Delete more ES5 codes

- Now this blog is using `remote_theme` with [riinosite theme](https://github.com/sorphwer/jekyll-theme-panda)

- Better config control



## Ver. 3.1

-  Enhanced search 
   
   Seach panel (can be opened by clicking the search icon in the right botton corner or by double-clicking ctrl) now support title name seach with tag search. Also `n-gram` is used for matching.

-  Some refactors

-  Remove 'lab'

## Ver. 3.0

-  Smart Banners

    Automatically add banner, depends on the content and ymal config of each post. First version will contain `GS`(Gauzier Shield), `Expired`(for old posts), and `WIP`.

-  Custom Banner

    Custom banner can be added via `yaml` info, user can override banner title and subtitle. Currently the pattern of banner can not be modified.

-  'Lab'

    The tag 'Lab' in nav bar is an another independent project of mine, when we release first demo, it will be fully available. Currently We just put an interesting demo made by p5.js there.

-  Local JavaScript library support
